Renamed the existing Supported Platforms section (#2130)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/14/epas_platform_support/index.mdx

See [Product Compatibility](https://www.enterprisedb.com/platform-compatibility) for additional information.

## Hardware Requirements

> The following installation requirements assume you have selected the default options during the installation process. The minimum hardware required to install and run EDB Postgres Advanced Server are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following installation requirements assume you select the default options during the installation process. The minimum hardware requirements to install and run EDB Postgres Advanced Server are:
```

-   1 GHz processor
-   2 GB of RAM
-   512 MB of HDD

Additional disk space is required for data or supporting components.

## Software Prerequisites

**User Privileges**

To perform an Advanced Server installation on a Windows system you must have administrator privilege. If you are installing Advanced Server on a Windows system that is configured with `User Account Control` enabled, you can assume sufficient privileges to invoke the graphical installer by right clicking on the name of the installer and selecting `Run as administrator` from the context menu.

> To perform an Advanced Server installation on a Linux system you must have superuser or administrator or sudo privileges.

Reviewer: Since Linux is our primary platform, move the Linux paragraph above the Windows one.

Reviewer: Also, be consistent with the EPAS product name, we are switching between the full name and the short name in this topic.

**User Privileges**

> To perform an EDB Advanced Server installation on a Linux system you must have superuser or administrator or sudo privileges.

Reviewer: use either the full name (EDB Postgres Advanced Server) or short name (Advanced Server). Best practice, if using the short name) is to introduce it in the first instance. For example, EDB Postgres Advanced Server (Advanced Server)

Author: Done the changes
